so i'm really telling this story just so  like everyone knows what i went through  and the abuse that i went through and it  doesn't happen to girls again okay  so i dated a celebrity for four years  it all started when i was young and i  went to warped tour and i met riffraff  so he gave me his phone number and i  ended up on the tour bus the whole day  so he told me that he wanted to see me  again  so my stupid ass got on a flight and  flew to las vegas for free  i told my friends and told my family i  was going to the beach for a couple days  set my location on my ipad from my house  ended up in las vegas  and we ended up together with social  medias and  like court stuff and like you know what  i mean like at any time i just think if  you're a quote-unquote celebrity right  and then you get with somebody and if  they aren't celebrity right at any time  somebody could be like you know what  this person did me wrong and i feel  me as a person not me i'm just saying  the other person could be like i feel  like  i want to do this and i'm gonna blast  this on the internet i'm gonna do this  and then all the blogs are gonna run to  that right because it's bad news bad  news travels fast it's from experience  okay things i'm talking about are not  just hypothetical and i'm not just crazy  so after my trip i go home  everyone at my high school found out and  still makes fun me to this day  and while i'm home i get a text from  riffraff saying that he wanted to see me  again  so during this time he released an album  so he was going on a nationwide tour  and he wanted me to go with him so  before i went on this tour i found out  that he released a music video and a new  song  and the music video took place at work  tour after i met him so he thought that  i had like five different ages and he  didn't care about any of those ages  but he always told me that i was 19  and my fake id said that i was 23.  like i'm saying bro like he's not a bad  i don't want to say the wrong thing i  don't feel like he's a bad artist bro  it's just he got his own certain type of  stuff you know what i'm saying on server  certain type of way he  puts it out there you know  so then i realized [ __ ] i'm in too deep  so what do i do with my last two brain  cells  i meet him in my hometown of  philadelphia and begin the peach panther  tour no one believed me about any of  this so i brought my best friend with me  and everything was fine we had a lot of  fun there was nothing suspicious  until  i decided to go to new york by myself to  see him so i drive two hours in my car  get to new york see him go to the show  he acts like i don't exist  so my dumb ass i'm like oh he's just  busy  put my backpack backstage  show ends my backpack's missing with my  car keys in it  so 400 later i get home in a lift  and 200 later i get my car keys back so  i block him and i forget about him  that you thought  i go to baltimore with my best friend  oh look how happy and stupid i was  there i am making mistakes  show ends i go on the tour bus  and riff raff's nowhere to be found for  an hour he gets on the tour bus  15 girls follow him they go in his room  where my stuff was and close the door  the girls walk out  they're all wearing his torso and no  underwear  so me in shock  i didn't know what to say so he kicks  all the girls off  and one girl goes what about her  he said well that's my girl and in my  head i'm like well you got me [ __ ] up  so i leave and i drive two hours back  home  and i don't talk to him for months  well guess who went back  that's right  ya girl  so that kind of [ __ ] went on for so long  and i eventually got used to it  and i had like really bad self-esteem  from it so he stayed in my life for a  really long time  and then i realized that i deserved a  lot better  and we had a huge argument so we argued  and we basically had a falling out i  told him like i couldn't do it anymore  and he was emotionally abusive i think  you should get to know somebody for five  years before  let them go do whatever they want i do  whatever i want whatever and if after  five years  if we still like each other we want to  be more serious and we take that then  cool i think you should know somebody  five years before you even get into  dating and i was depressed  i had no friends  i only had one friend that supported me  and she's still my best friend to this  day and i literally felt worthless  everyone made fun of me and to this day  everyone makes fun of me and i know that  this has happened to a lot of girls i  saw an article about it i saw a lot of  articles about it and because of that i  study law  and i moved on  i dated like a major league baseball  player then he cheated on me with a porn  star moved on from that still got my 3.7  in law though  and i eventually found my worth and i'm  really happy and i met a great guy that  lives in south africa  [Music]  to stay she already turned the page you  only been gone for a day she already got  engaged today he works at dave and  busters he's a bus boy with mustard on  his shirt he got fired on them first for  cussing their customers  to me a perfect situation there do you  do you know dan balzerian is yes the guy  that's the uh like rich guy that's the  only friend of them right okay so i mean  running around all the time right but  it's not but he doesn't but he doesn't  have it's not every girl is his  girlfriend no it's like  yeah there's like it's not really actual  wives but it's sister wife so it's the  girls get along i can't hear him i think  if if if girl if a girl can't get along  with other girls there's going to be big  problems that's for me you have to be  okay with him [ __ ]  not even just that yeah  it's more it has to be their camp it's  like a car like a relationship with like  car and i'm stepping on the gas do not  touch the brake well that's a selfish  way of thinking but i don't have time to  think about other people right now so  girls don't be afraid to speak up know  your [ __ ] worth  never once have i forced a girl to have  sex never wants to have my horse girl  get to do any type of drugs  i don't want to have a girl drunk and  sleepy and and i i've never once had a  dragon girl in the car because guess  what if she don't want to go guess what  can't get her out of here guess what the  club's about to let out you better hurry  up and get some other ones and before  they come back in she's going to check  their id then once everybody ever had to  drag a girl to the park never once have  i ever had to drag a girl to a hotel  people i look up to us can you help me  he ran the smoothest cleanest business  there is and he died with 50 girls in  his house  and my new idol is damn roseanne if he  has a girlfriend she better she better  like the other girls around because  that's how you live my music videos my  music videos are commercial since day  one since 2011 every single video is me  half naked and girls half naked who  wanted to be there  and drugs and alcohol that's our choice  do i need to go to rehab that's a whole  other conversation  yeah when there are unsubstantiated  unwarranted defamatory allegations  that people make for selfish reasons  for pecuniary reasons  the reasons to advance their own careers  at the expense of others  and purely for their own gain  that is when the movement has to stop  now this video is crazy as hell bro  first of all do look real nervous right  and i guess he said he'd been getting  extorted by some shady lawyer and an  escort service and i'm like wait a  minute homie  what kind of dealings you been having  with an escort service to where they got  something over your head like did you  take one of them to the hotel make them  do something strange for a little change  and maybe they caught you on video doing  something you wasn't supposed to do it's  10 51 a.m  monday the 12th i got to make a  statement  to my friends family and all my loved  ones  that i've been keeping a secret for the  last four years  i've been extorted and blackmailed and  demanded i give a million dollars cash  to an escorting agency and to a fake ass  lawyer who's been running scams working  contingencies  upon athletes and high-end celebrities  trying to get money and i'm going to  tell you right now jack you ain't making  get no million off of me dude you look  real sick right now man like i don't  know what they got over your head but  this little secret they got  and [ __ ] must be big man so y'all need  to pray for this man i hope he don't do  nothing crazy because he look like he on  the edge right now man i i'm not paying  a single cent and i'm not cowering into  a corner and falling into your scams i  refuse and i want all my friends and  family to know make sure if anything  ever happens to me make sure to take  care of my huskies  i refuse to back down from your scams  you are not going to hinder my  creativity ever again and we will be  we've taken every precaution hired  private detectives and we've seen that  you've done this before and you will not  do it to me  is there a difference between like a  woman that's letting you run all over  her and a woman that's just down with  what you're doing or how you're looking  at it and if that's a girl who says runs  all over you then  i'll just stop the relationship right  there and be like okay we need to get to  know each other for five years so you  can see how i move and operate because  you might not even want to be my friend  like was there one trick that one had  that she was like yeah i wish i could  teach the other one the trick that the  other one did you get yeah yeah okay so  there was this one girl and she and she  would like she did this one trick where  whenever i would go to sleep she  wouldn't go on my phone  yeah yeah and then and then she would go  on her phone and while we were while we  were both awake and she would like go  scroll through her friend or different  pictures of her friends she'd be like  this is the coolest trick y'all ready so  there's a girl sitting next to me in bed  and then she would be like this look oh  she's cute you think she's cute should  we invite her over that's the craziest  trick ever and so i wish all the girls  would be like that  i mean really people like to disrespect  my crew but the fact is that you know my  name and i don't know you